FILL_TIMEOUT parameter (#1490)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

for that Object, taking into account priorities, congestion control, and
any other relevant information.

#### FILL TIMEOUT Parameter {#fill-timeout}

The FILL_TIMEOUT parameter (Parameter Type 0x0A) MAY appear in a FETCH message.

It is the duration in milliseconds a relay SHOULD wait for an upstream source to
provide Objects that are not immediately available before reporting them as
Unknown gaps in the FETCH response. When a relay encounters a range of Objects
within the requested range that are not immediately available and have unknown
status, it issues an upstream FETCH to retrieve them. The Fill Timeout applies
independently to each such upstream FETCH, not an overall timeout for the
entire request. If an upstream FETCH does not complete within the Fill Timeout,

> the relay reports the corresponding Objects as gaps and continues processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the relay reports the corresponding Objects as Unknown gaps and continues delivering
```

subsequent Objects in the range.

A value of 0 indicates the subscriber only wants Objects that are immediately
available; the relay MUST NOT wait for upstream delivery and MUST report any

> unavailable Objects as gaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available; the relay MUST report any unavailable Objects as Unknown gaps.
```

for that Object, taking into account priorities, congestion control, and
any other relevant information.

<<<<<<< fill-timeout
#### FILL TIMEOUT Parameter {#fill-timeout}

The FILL_TIMEOUT parameter (Parameter Type 0x0A) MAY appear in a FETCH message.

It is the maximum total duration in milliseconds a relay SHOULD spend waiting
for upstream sources to provide Objects that are not immediately available
before reporting them as Unknown gaps in the FETCH response. When a relay
encounters Objects within the requested range that are not immediately available
and have unknown status, it issues upstream FETCHes to retrieve them. The Fill
Timeout represents a total budget for all such upstream FETCHes generated by
this request. If the budget is exhausted, the relay reports any remaining
unavailable Objects as Unknown gaps and continues delivering available Objects
in the range.

A value of 0 indicates the subscriber only wants Objects that are immediately
available; the relay MUST NOT wait for upstream delivery and MUST report any
unavailable Objects as Unknown gaps.

If the Fill Timeout parameter is absent, the relay waits for an implementation

> specific duration before reporting Unknown gaps. If the subscriber specifies a Fill

Reviewer 2: I tend to agree with Ian. Not specifying the fill timeout parameter is an indication to do your best and return me the results.
